Adding files for repo hygiene (#1545)
CivicActions/handbook: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

The indicated versions below are currently being supported with security updates.

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| master  | :white_check_mark: |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We acknowledge that every line of code that we write may potentially contain security issues.
We are committed to address issues responsibly and provide patches as quickly as possible.

> Please contact us via [E-Mail (contact@civicactions.com)](mailto:contact@civicactions.com?subject=Your%20Project:%20Security:=Security%20description:) immediately after discovery of the vulnerability. Thanks!

Reviewer: Unless this is supposed to be a template, the `mailto:` link should be specific (and `&body=` set correctly, e.g.
`mailto:security@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]%20CivicActions%20Guidebook&body=Security%20description`

The `[GIT SECURITY]` prefix is proposed to help with managing incoming emails

Author: Thank you @openprivacy. Updated

Reviewer: @dmundra - I didn't see the change to the `mailto:` URI which should be:

`[E-Mail (security@civicactions.com)](mailto:security@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]%20CivicActions%20Guidebook&body=Security%20description&#x3a;)`

though the `[GIT SECURITY]` prefix is an optional proposed convention

Author: @openprivacy here is the change https://github.com/CivicActions/guidebook/pull/1545/commits/d2e0ae7dece1bf19cabc539fca8c80cba5c114f3, does that look good?

> Please contact us via [E-Mail (security@civicactions.com)](mailto:security@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]%20CivicActions%20Guidebook&body=Security%20description:) immediately after discovery of the vulnerability. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Actually, we'd talked about [security+guidebook@civicactions.com](mailto:security+guidebook@civicactions.com) so that it would be easier to partition. Any reason no tto do that/.

Author: Question for @openprivacy

Reviewer: Yes, the default email address should be `security+<repository-name>` so in this case security+guidebook@civicactions.com and remove the redundant Subject line addition, so:

```[E-Mail (security@civicactions.com)](mailto:security+guidebook@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]&body=Security%20description:) ```

Author: Updated

> Please contact us via [E-Mail (security@civicactions.com)](mailto:security@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]%20CivicActions%20Guidebook&body=Security%20description:) immediately after discovery of the vulnerability. Thanks!

Author: ```suggestion
Please contact us via [E-Mail (security@civicactions.com)](mailto:security+guidebook@civicactions.com?subject=[GIT%20SECURITY]&body=Security%20description:) immediately after discovery of the vulnerability. Thanks!
```
